Where has we come??

	
 
Monday, August 16, 2010
 Muslim :: Book 23 : Hadith 5046


Jabir reported: I heard Allah's Apostle (may peace be upon him) as saying: The Satan is present with any one of you in everything he does; he is present even when he eats food; so if any one of you drops a mouthful he should remove away anything filthy on it and eat it and not leave for the devil; and when he finishes (food) he should lick his fingers, for he does not know in what portion of his food the blessing lies.



Source materials 

Posted by howee mosely at 4:15 PM 0 comments   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Google Buzz
 
  

  

 
 Al-Noor 

In the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful



And had it not been for the grace of Allah and His mercy unto you, and that Allah is Clement, Wise, (ye had been undone). (10) Lo! they who spread the slander are a gang among you. Deem it not a bad thing for you; nay, it is good for you. Unto every man of them (will be paid) that which he hath earned of the sin; and as for him among them who had the greater share therein, his will be an awful doom. (11) Why did not the believers, men and women, when ye heard it, think good of their own own folk, and say: It is a manifest untruth? (12) Why did they not produce four witnesses? Since they produce not witnesses, they verily are liars in the sight of Allah. (13) Had it not been for the grace of Allah and His mercy unto you in the world and the Hereafter an awful doom had overtaken you for that whereof ye murmured. (14) When ye welcomed it with your tongues, and uttered with your mouths that whereof ye had no knowledge, ye counted it a trifle. In the sight of Allah it is very great. (15) Wherefor, when ye heard it, said ye not: It is not for us to speak of this. Glory be to Thee (O Allah)!
Posted by howee mosely at 4:02 PM 0 comments   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Google Buzz
Wednesday, August 11, 2010
Bukhari :: Book 3 :: Volume 46 :: Hadith 715

Narrated Hisham:
My father told me that Hakim bin Hizam manumitted one-hundred slaves in the pre-lslamic period of ignorance and slaughtered one-hundred camels (and distributed them in charity). When he embraced Islam he again slaughtered one-hundred camels and manumitted one-hundred slaves. Hakim said, "I asked Allah's Apostle, 'O Allah's Apostle! What do you think about some good deeds I used to practice in the prelslamic period of ignorance regarding them as deeds of righteousness?' Allah's Apostle said, "You have embraced Islam along with all those good deeds you did."
Posted by howee mosely at 3:45 AM 0 comments   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Google Buzz
Bukhari :: Book 3 :: Volume 50 :: Hadith 874

Narrated Marwan and al-Miswar bin Makhrama:
(from the companions of Allah's Apostle) When Suhail bin Amr agreed to the Treaty (of Hudaibiya), one of the things he stipulated then, was that the Prophet should return to them (i.e. the pagans) anyone coming to him from their side, even if he was a Muslim; and would not interfere between them and that person. The Muslims did not like this condition and got disgusted with it. Suhail did not agree except with that condition. So, the Prophet agreed to that condition and returned Abu Jandal to his father Suhail bin 'Amr. Thenceforward the Prophet returned everyone in that period (of truce) even if he was a Muslim. During that period some believing women emigrants including Um Kalthum bint Uqba bin Abu Muait who came to Allah's Apostle and she was a young lady then. Her relative came to the Prophet and asked him to return her, but the Prophet did not return her to them for Allah had revealed the following Verse regarding women:
"O you who believe! When the believing women come to you as emigrants. Examine them, Allah knows best as to their belief, then if you know them for true believers, Send them not back to the unbelievers, (for) they are not lawful (wives) for the disbelievers, Nor are the unbelievers lawful (husbands) for them (60.10)

Narrated 'Urwa: Aisha told me, "Allah's Apostle used to examine them according to this Verse: "O you who believe! When the believing women come to you, as emigrants test them . . . for Allah is Oft-Forgiving, Most Merciful." (60.10-12) Aisha said, "When any of them agreed to that condition Allah's Apostle would say to her, 'I have accepted your pledge of allegiance.' He would only say that, but, by Allah he never touched the hand of any women (i.e. never shook hands with them) while taking the pledge of allegiance and he never took their pledge of allegiance except by his words (only).
Posted by howee mosely at 3:18 AM 0 comments   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Google Buzz
Monday, August 9, 2010
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Al-Isra  In the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful


Say: Each one doth according to his rule of conduct, and thy Lord is best aware of him whose way is right. (84) They will ask thee concerning the Spirit. Say: The Spirit is by command of my Lord, and of knowledge ye have been vouchsafed but little. (85)And if We willed We could withdraw that which We have revealed unto thee, then wouldst thou find no guardian for thee against Us in respect thereof. (86) (It is naught) save mercy from thy Lord. Lo! His kindness unto thee was ever great. (87)Say: Verily, though mankind and the jinn should assemble to produce the like of this Qur'an, they could not produce the like thereof though they were helpers one of another. (88) And verily We have displayed for mankind in this Qur'an all kinds of similitudes, but most of mankind refuse aught save disbelief. (89) And they say: We will not put faith in thee till thou cause a spring to gush forth from the earth for us; (90) Or thou have a garden of date-palms and grapes, and cause rivers to gush forth therein abundantly; (91) Or thou cause the heaven to fall upon us piecemeal, as thou hast pretended, or bring Allah and the angels as a warrant; (92) Or thou have a house of gold; or thou ascend up into heaven, and even then we will put no faith in thine ascension till thou bring down for us a book that we can read. Say (O Muhammad): My Lord be glorified! Am I aught save a mortal messenger? (93) And naught prevented mankind from believing when the guidance came unto them save that they said: Hath Allah sent a mortal as (His) messenger?                                                                                                                                                                       Al-Araf
In the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful200) Lo! those who ward off (evil), when a glamour from the devil troubleth them, they do but remember (Allah's guidance) and behold them seers! (201) Their brethren plunge them further into error and cease not. (202) And when thou bringest not a verse for them they say: Why hast thou not chosen it? Say: I follow only that which is inspired in me from my Lord. This (Qur'an) is insight from your Lord, and a guidance and a mercy for a people that believe. (203) And when the Qur'an is recited, give ear to it and pay heed, that ye may obtain mercy. (204) And do thou (O Muhammad) remember thy Lord within thyself humbly and with awe, below thy breath, at morn and evening. And be not thou of the neglectful. (205) Lo! those who are with thy Lord are not too proud to do Him service, but they praise Him and adore Him. (206)
Posted by howee mosely at 11:10 PM 0 comments   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Google Buzz
 



Al-Araf
In the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful(200) Lo! those who ward off (evil), when a glamour from the devil troubleth them, they do but remember (Allah's guidance) and behold them seers! (201) Their brethren plunge them further into error and cease not. (202) And when thou bringest not a verse for them they say: Why hast thou not chosen it? Say: I follow only that which is inspired in me from my Lord. This (Qur'an) is insight from your Lord, and a guidance and a mercy for a people that believe. (203) And when the Qur'an is recited, give ear to it and pay heed, that ye may obtain mercy. (204) And do thou (O Muhammad) remember thy Lord within thyself humbly and with awe, below thy breath, at morn and evening. And be not thou of the neglectful. (205) Lo! those who are with thy Lord are not too proud to do Him service, but they praise Him and adore Him. (206)Al-Isra



Say: Each one doth according to his rule of conduct, and thy Lord is best aware of him whose way is right. (84) They will ask thee concerning the Spirit. Say: The Spirit is by command of my Lord, and of knowledge ye have been vouchsafed but little. (85)And if We willed We could withdraw that which We have revealed unto thee, then wouldst thou find no guardian for thee against Us in respect thereof. (86) (It is naught) save mercy from thy Lord. Lo! His kindness unto thee was ever great. (87)Say: Verily, though mankind and the jinn should assemble to produce the like of this Qur'an, they could not produce the like thereof though they were helpers one of another. (88) And verily We have displayed for mankind in this Qur'an all kinds of similitudes, but most of mankind refuse aught save disbelief. (89) And they say: We will not put faith in thee till thou cause a spring to gush forth from the earth for us; (90) Or thou have a garden of date-palms and grapes, and cause rivers to gush forth therein abundantly; (91) Or thou cause the heaven to fall upon us piecemeal, as thou hast pretended, or bring Allah and the angels as a warrant; (92) Or thou have a house of gold; or thou ascend up into heaven, and even then we will put no faith in thine ascension till thou bring down for us a book that we can read. Say (O Muhammad): My Lord be glorified! Am I aught save a mortal messenger? (93) And naught prevented mankind from believing when the guidance came unto them save that they said: Hath Allah sent a mortal as (His) messenger? (94)
Posted by howee mosely at 11:03 PM 0 comments   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Google Buzz
Home
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
SocialVibe

 
Video Bar




powered by

 

  

 
 

